Further improvements to `Introduction to Elixir WebRTC` tutorial (#141)
elixir-webrtc/ex_webrtc: guides/introduction/consuming.md

# Consuming media data

Other than just forwarding, we would like to be able to use the media right in the Elixir app to e.g.
use it as a machine learning model input, or create a recording of a meeting.

> In this tutorial, we are going to depayload and decode received video data to use it for ML inference.

Reviewer: We have already introduced RTP term in the previous tutorial so maybe let's not introduce another term just at the beginning?

```suggestion
In this tutorial, we are going to unpack RTP to get the actual audio and video frames ready to be decoded and used for ML inference.
```

## Depayloading RTP

We refer to the process of getting the media payload out of RTP packets as _depayloading_. It may seem straightforward at first,
we just take the payload of the packets and we get a stream of media data. Sometimes it is that simple, like in the
case of Opus-encoded audio, where each of the RTP packets is, more or less, 20 milliseconds of audio, and that's it.

> > #### Codecs {: .info}

Reviewer: What about inlining this and changing the order of the whole section a little bit?
Maybe let's start with explaining what browser does i.e.

```
When browser sends audio or video it does the following steps:
* aquire audio or video frame
* encode it so it takes less space and ueses less bandwidth 
* depending on its size, pack into a single or multiple RTP packets 

When we receive audio or video from a web browser, we have to do the opposite:
* collect multiple RTP packets that contain a single audio or a single video frame
* unpack this frame from RTP packets
* decode it

In practice, audio frames always fit into a single RTP packet.
In case of video, this depends on its resolution and compression level.
However, you don't have to worry about this. 
Just feed RTP packets into so called depayloader and it will return you a frame once it collect all needed data.
```

> A media codec is a program/technique used to encode/decode digital video and audio streams. Codecs also compress the media data,
> otherwise, it would be too big to send over the network (bitrate of raw 24-bit color depth, FullHD, 60 fps video is about 3 Gbit/s!).
>
> In WebRTC, most likely you will encounter VP8, H264 or AV1 video codecs and Opus audio codec. Codecs used during the session are negotiated in
> the SDP offer/answer exchange. You can tell what codec is carried in an RTP packet by inspecting its payload type (`payload_type` field in the case of Elixir WebRTC).
> This value should correspond to one of the codecs included in the SDP offer/answer.

> Unfortunately, in other cases, we need to do more work. In video, things are more complex: each video frame is usually split into multiple packets (and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In video, things are more complex: each video frame is usually split into multiple packets (and
```
